New OpenShift service mesh section inside integrations (#585)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Integrations/ossm-console.md

---
title: "OSSM Console"
description: >
  OpenShift Service Mesh Console - Dynamic plugin
  for OpenShift
weight: 40
---

OpenShift Service Mesh Console (OSSMC) is a Kiali integration for OpenShift console based in OpenShift [dynamic plugins](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/web_console/dynamic-plug-ins.html) technology. 
It integrates part of the Kiali functionality into the OpenShift console, providing visibility of the Service Mesh.

![OSSMC](/images/documentation/integration/ossmc.png)
 

> OSSMC was [first released](https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/introducing-the-openshift-service-mesh-console-a-developer-preview) in September 2022, and it is still released as a developer preview, with the purpose of been tested by developers to provide feedback and bug reports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSSMC was [first released](https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/introducing-the-openshift-service-mesh-console-a-developer-preview) in September 2022 as a developer preview.   Please give it a try, provide feedback and let us know of any issues! 
```
